Hi Guys welcome back to the artificial intelligence business course.
The first case study optimizing wherehouse flows with Q learning you are now done with the first two
steps.
The first two big steps of this case are the one defining the environment that we did together and to
studying the AI solution.
Getting both the intuition and the theory with curious intuition lectures and now we're going to tackle
the third big step which is our final step but a very important one.
It's of course the implementation in Python.
So we're going to implement the whole jewler solution to solve this warehouse Flo's optimization problem
and to do that not only we will implement Julan But also we will make the right functions to go into
production.
That is you know we would like to make a tool that takes as input the location where our autonomous
warehouse robot is at a specific time t..
And the top priority location where it has to go immediately to collect the products for the most important
deliveries.
OK.
So that's what we'll do in the first step.
And then at the end will improve our AI's solution by adding a new feature in this tool which will be
to optimize even more.
The warehouse flows by adding the option to go by an intermediary point before going to the top every
location and of course this intermediary location will be the second or prior location.
So let's do all this.
And the reason I'm on Google right now is because we're going to implement our solution in Spider Anaconda
which is an idea that I highly recommend because it's like a studio you'll have your editor where you
implement your code.
You have to console to execute a code and some other features like a way to easily look at all your
variables.
Well I'll show you all this.
After downloading and Oquendo.
So therefore it's all good to Google.
And if you don't have a nick on there yet let's download it.
So you just type here and I kinda just like this.
And here we go you can take the second link download Anaconda and now depending on your system make
sure to choose the right system here I think it should automatically be protected here on Windows.
Click here if you click here and if you're on Linux click here.
I'm on Macs all good and now make sure to download bidon 3.6 because indeed not in this case.
In the second case so he will use some bison 3.6 index which won't work in Python 2.7.
So make sure to click this download button for Biden 3.6.
And now the download just started is right here.
Forty seconds on my computer here you have the option to get a cheat sheet.
You can say no thanks.
You can close this.
We will need it for our implementations.
All right so I'll accelerate until the download is over.
All right.
Here we go.
Download over.
So now let's go to our downloads folder which is right here and here is the file that I just downloaded.
And so this is the insulation file that will install Anaconda.
So you just double click on it then you click Continue continue continue continue agree and install.
And this will install an icon that it will just take a few minutes maybe less and you'll get an icon
they'll get the spider studio on which we will implement our AI solutions.
So again I'll accelerate until the end.
Perfect.
The installation is over.
You don't have to install Microsoft vs code.
You can just click continue here and here we go.
Let's just close it.
You can just keep it or move it to the trash.
And now we have Anaconda.
So I'm on a Mac here.
So the way to get an account is just go to applications and then they'll click on Anaconda and then
begetter.
And for Windows users you'll find Anaconda in your list of programs you know by clicking the windows
button and then find an icon here or you can just type and I can dial in the research bar.
And again you have to open an account navigator and for Linux users same You'll find and I can then
navigator in your list of programs or applications.
Well I'm sure you'll find that very easily.
So let's double click on that.
This will open Anaconda and inside Anaconda will find several IDs and will choose spider.
Here we go.
So we are inside Anaconda and indeed there are several IDs including Jupiter notebook which is a very
good one.
And of course spider which is the one I will choose for this course as in fact any other of our courses.
So to open spider we just need to click launch.
And here we go this will launch spider and that is exactly where we are going to implement our AI solutions
for the three case studies.
All right.
So when you open spider for the first time indeed you get this.
And the first thing we're going to do is get rid of this Stemp that fell because it has absolutely no
use.
Once you want to do is go to the top and click on file and then click new file and then you can just
close this tent up you I fell you can just select all this and delete.
And now what we can do is save this file somewhere inside our computer.
And so what I did and this is actually what I do in all the courses I created the whole course folder
for the course.
Artificial intelligence for business.
Indeed if we go inside you'll see that it has three big parts of this course but one optimizing warehouse
flows with Q learning point to minimizing energy consumption in a server with deep learning.
And part 3 maximizing the sales in an online retail business with Tamson sampling.
So this is the folder structure of the Course.
This will be provided on the super data science website.
So I recommend to get exactly the same because believe me we'll like to have everything organized in
folders.
When you know we start having many buys and sells for the first case study will only have one buys involved
for example.
Second one will get several bites and files because this is a huge case study.
So make sure to have this for the structure with all these sub folders but we provide them in the Super
Science website so that you can just download that and have this on your computer.
And so what we want to do now.
You know we were about to save a file and we are in but once we are going to save it in this folder
Part 1 optimizing warehouse flows with coloring and now we have to name this file and I'm going to name
it.
Q learning all right and now we can just click on Save.
And here we go.
We are ready to start our implementation.
But before we start I would just like to describe what we see here for the newbies and spider.
So this is our editor.
That's where we will implement the whole code.
Then this is the council where the code will be executed and also to type any code.
For example I can just type 2 plus 2 and if I presented this will just return me for.
Here we go that's the output.
So you can just like any good.
But when we execute our implementation the code will be executed here in the council.
And then we have this which is pretty practical because it contains three windows.
First explore which is basically your browser on your computer.
And so in fall explorer we have to do something now it's to go to the working directory folder where
we saved our Biden file and that's in desktop then artificial intelligence for business.
And finally part one optimizing warehouse flows with collecting and that's the working directory folder
in which in general you should be when working on your implementation.
And then we have variable Explorer where you will be able to see all the variables you create in your
implementation.
Once you execute and finally you have the help window which can give you some informations on the classes
or objects or functions you use from the diverse libraries that you import to build your AI solutions.
All right so this is Pitre welcome to spider.
And now we're going to start our implementation in the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy AI.